feat: add C implementation for `stats/base/dists/beta/entropy` (#4039)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/dists/beta/entropy/README.md

<!-- /.examples -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/beta/entropy.h"
```

#### stdlib_base_dists_beta_entropy( alpha, beta )

> Returns the differential entropy for a beta distribution with first shape parameter `alpha` and second shape parameter `beta`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the [differential entropy][entropy] of a [beta][beta-distribution] distribution with parameters `alpha` (first shape parameter) and `beta` (second shape parameter).
```
